#man 2 open
creat
open
openat
#man 2 close
close
#man 2 read
read
#man 2 write
write
#man 2 stat
stat
fstat
lstat
fstatat
#man 2 poll
poll
ppoll
#man 2 lseek
lseek
#man 2 mmap
mmap
munmap
#man 2 mprotect
mprotect
#man 2 brk
brk
sbrk
#man 2 sigaction
sigaction
#man 2 sigprocmask
sigprocmask
#man 2 ioctl
ioctl
#man 2 pread or man 2 pwrite
pread
pwrite
#man 2 readv
readv
wrtev
preadv
pwritev
#man 2 access
access
faccessat
#man 2 pipe
pipe
pipe2
#man 2 select
select
pselect
#man 2 sched_yield
sched_yield
#man 2 mremap
mremap
#man 2 msync
msync
#man 2 mincore
mincore
#man 2 madvise
madvise
#man 2 shmget
shmget
#man 2 shmat
shmat
shmdt
#man 2 shmctl
shmctl
#man 2 dup
dup
dup2
dup3
#man 2 pause
pause
#man 2 nanosleep
nanosleep
#man 2 getitimer
getitimer
setitimer 
#man 2 alarm
alarm
#man 2 getpid
getpid
getppid
#man 2 sendfile
sendfile
#man 2 socket
socket
#man 2 connect
connect
#man 2 bind
bind
#man 2 listen
listen
#man 2 chdir
chdir
fchdir
#man 2 rename
rename
renameat
renameat2
#man 2 connect
connect
#man 2 accept
accept
accept4
#man 2 send
send
sendto
sendmsg
#man 2 recvfrom
recv
recvfrom
recvmsg
#man 2 shutdown
shutdown
#man 2 getsockname
getsockname
getpeername
#man 2 socketpair
socketpair
#man 2 getsockopt
getsockopt
setsockopt
#man 2 clone
clone
#man 2 fork
fork
#man 2 vfork
vfork
#man 2 execve
execve
#man 2 exit
_exit
_Exit
#man 2 wait3
wait3
wait4
#man 2 kill
kill
/man 2 uname
uname
#man 2 semget
semget
#man 2 semop
semop
semtimedop
#man 2 semctl
semctl
#man 2 shmdt
shmdt
shmat
#man 2 msgget
msgget
#man 2 msgsnd
msgsnd
msgrcv
#man 2 msgctl
msgctl
#man 2 fcntl
fcntl
#man 2 fcntl
fcntl
#man 2 fsync
fsync
fdatasync
#man 2 truncate
truncate
ftruncate
#man 2 getdents
getdents
getdents64
#man 2 getcwd
getcwd
getwd
get_current_dir_name
#man 2 chdir
chdir
fchdir
#man 2 rename
rename
renameat
#man 2 mkdir
mkdir
mkdirat
#man 2 link
link
linkat
#man 2 unlink
unlink
unlinkat
#man 2 symlink
symlink
symlinkat
#man 2 readlink
readlink
readlinkat
#man 2 chmod
chmod
fchmod
fchmodat
#man 2 chown
chown
fchown
lchown
fchownat
#man 2 umask
umask
#man 2 gettimeofday
gettimeofday
settimeofday
#man 2 getrlimit
getrlimit
setrlimit
prlimit
#man 2 getrusage
getrusage
#man 2 sysinfo
sysinfo
#man 2 times
times
#man 2 ptrace
ptrace
#man 2 syslog
syslog
klogctl
#man 2 getuid
getuid
geteuid
#man 2 setuid
setuid
#man 2 setgid
setgid
#man 2 getgid
getgid
getegid
#man 2 setpgid
setpgid
getpgid
getpgrp
#man 2 setpgrp
setpgrp
#man 2 setsid
setsid
#man 2 setreuid
setreuid
setregid
#man 2 setresuid
setresuid
setresgid 
#man 2 getresuid
getresuid
getresgid
#man 2 getgroups
getgroups
setgroups
#man 2 setfsuid
setfsuid
#man 2 setfsgid
setfsgid
#man 2 getsid
getsid
#man 2 capget
capget
capset
#man 2 sigpending
sigpending
sigwaitinfo
#man 2 sigtimedwait
sigtimedwait
#man 2 rt_sigqueueinfo
rt_sigqueueinfo
rt_tgsigqueueinfo
#man 2 sigsuspend
sigsuspend
#man 2 sigaltstack
sigaltstack
#man 2 utimes
utimes
utime
#man 2 mknod
mknod
mknodat
#man 2 uselib
uselib
#man 2 personality
personality
#man 2 ustat
ustat
#man 2 statfs
statfs
fstatfs 
#man 2 sysfs
sysfs
#man 2 getpriority
getpriority
setpriority
#man 2 sched_setparam
sched_setparam
sched_getparam
#man 2 sched_setscheduler
sched_setscheduler
sched_getscheduler
#man 2 sched_get_priority_max
sched_get_priority_max
sched_get_priority_min
#man 2 sched_rr_get_interval
sched_rr_get_interval
#man 2 mlock
mlock
munlock
mlockall
munlockall
mlock2
#man 2 vhangup
vhangup
#man 2 modify_ldt
modify_ldt
#man 2 pivot_root
pivot_root
#man 2 _sysctl
_sysctl
#man 2 prctl
prctl
#man 2 arch_prctl
arch_prctl
#man 2 adjtimex
adjtimex
#man 2 chroot
chroot
#man 2 sync
sync
syncfs
#man 2 acct
acct
#man 2 mount
mount
#man 2 umount
umount
umount2
#man 2 swapon
swapon
swapoff
#man 2 reboot
reboot
#man 2 gethostname
gethostname
sethostname
#man 2 setdomainname
setdomainname
getdomainname
#man 2 iopl
iopl
#man 2 ioperm
ioperm
#man 2 create_module
create_module
#man 2 init_module
init_module
finit_module
#man 2 delete_module
delete_module
#man 2 query_module
query_module
#man 2 get_kernel_syms
get_kernel_syms
#man 2 quotactl
quotactl
#man 2 readahead
readahead
#man 2 gettid
gettid
#man 2 setxattr
setxattr
fsetxattr
lsetxattr
#man 2 getxattr
getxattr
lgetxattr
fgetxattr
#man 2 listxattr
listxattr
llistxattr
flistxattr
#man 2 removexattr
removexattr
lremovexattr
fremovexattr
#man 2 time
time
#man 2 tkill
tkill
tgkill
#man 2 futex
futex
#man 2 sched_setaffinity
sched_setaffinity
sched_getaffinity
#man 2 set_thread_area
set_thread_area
get_thread_area
#man 2 io_setup
io_setup
#man 2 io_destroy
io_destroy
#man 2 io_getevents
io_getevents
#man 2 io_submit
io_submit
#man 2 io_cancel
io_cancel
#man 2 lookup_dcookie
lookup_dcookie
#man 2 epoll_create
epoll_create
epoll_create1
#man 2 remap_file_pages
remap_file_pages
#man 2 set_tid_address
set_tid_address
#man 2 restart_syscall
restart_syscall
#man 2 fadvise64
posix_fadvise
#man 2 timer_create
timer_create
#man 2 timer_settime
timer_settime
timer_gettime
#man 2 timer_getoverrun
timer_getoverrun
#man 2 timer_delete
timer_delete
#man 2 clock_getres
clock_getres
clock_gettime
clock_settime
#man 2 clock_nanosleep
clock_nanosleep
#man 2 exit_group
exit_group
#man 2 epoll_wait
epoll_wait
epoll_pwait
#man 2 epoll_ctl
epoll_ctl
#man 2 mbind
mbind
#man 2 set_mempolicy
set_mempolicy
#man 2 get_mempolicy
get_mempolicy
#man 2 mq_open
mq_open
#man 2 mq_unlink
mq_unlink
#man 2 mq_send
mq_send
#man 2 mq_send
mq_send
mq_timedsend
#man 2 mq_receive
mq_receive
mq_timedreceive
#man 2 mq_notify
mq_notify
#man 2 mq_getsetattr
mq_getsetattr
#man 2 kexec_load
kexec_load
kexec_file_load
#man 2 wait
wait
waitid
waitpid
#man 2 add_key
add_key
#man 2 request_key
request_key
#man 2 keyctl
keyctl
#man 2 ioprio_get
ioprio_get
ioprio_set
#man 2 inotify_init
inotify_init
inotify_init1
#man 2 inotify_add_watch
inotify_add_watch
#man 2 inotify_rm_watch
inotify_rm_watch
#man 2 migrate_pages
migrate_pages
#man 2 futimesat
futimesat
#man 2 unshare
unshare
#man 2 get_robust_list
get_robust_list
set_robust_list
#man 2 splice
splice
#man 2 tee
tee
#man 2 sync_file_range
sync_file_range
#man 2 vmsplice
vmsplice
#man 2 move_pages
move_pages
#man 2 utimensat
utimensat
futimens
#man 2 signalfd
signalfd
#man 2 timerfd_create
timerfd_create
timerfd_settime
timerfd_gettime
#man 2 eventfd
eventfd
#man 2 fallocate
fallocate
#man 2 recvmmsg
recvmmsg
#man 2 perf_event_open
perf_event_open
#man 2 fanotify_init
fanotify_init
#man 2 fanotify_mark
fanotify_mark
#man 2 name_to_handle_at
name_to_handle_at
open_by_handle_at
#man 2 sendmmsg
sendmmsg
#man 2 setns
setns
#man 2 getcpu
getcpu
#man 2 process_vm_readv
process_vm_readv
process_vm_writev
#man 2 kcmp
kcmp
